ENG-988: New README (#360)
autokitteh/autokitteh: README.md

<div align="center">

![Top banner](/docs/images/banner.jpg)

AutoKitteh is a **developer** platform for workflow automation and
orchestration. It is an easy-to-use, code-based alternative to no/low-code

> platforms (such as Zapier, Workato, Make.com, 8n8) with unlimited flexibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
platforms (such as Zapier, Workato, Make.com, n8n) with unlimited flexibility.
```

> In addition, it is a **durable execution** platform for long-running and
> reliable workflows. It is based on [Temporal](https://temporal.io/), hiding
> many of its infrastructure and coding complexities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AutoKitteh is a reliable **durable execution** platform for long-running workflows. It is based on [Temporal](https://temporal.io/), hiding
many of its infrastructure and coding complexities.
```

Author: Checked with Haim, he prefers to leave this as-is.

> AutoKitteh can be self-hosted, and has a cloud offering as well.

Reviewer 2: We don't have cloud offering yet

Author: Checked with Haim. Given the location of this sentence (the first impression of the reader at the very top of the page), he prefers not to complicate this basic statement there. But we will add details/links somewhere, similar to how we're discussing the SaaS in the AK website, I guess.

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/go.autokitteh.dev/autokitteh)](https://goreportcard.com/report/go.autokitteh.dev/autokitteh)

[![GitHub Commit Activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/autokitteh/autokitteh)](https://github.com/autokitteh/autokitteh/commits/main)
[![CI Status](https://github.com/autokitteh/autokitteh/actions/workflows/ci-go.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/autokitteh/autokitteh/actions)

[![YouTube Channel](https://img.shields.io/badge/autokitteh-ff0000?logo=youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/@autokitteh-mo5sb)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/autokitteh-0e76a8?logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/autokitteh/posts/?feedView=all)

</div>

## High-Level Architecture

![Architecture diagram](/docs/images/architecture.png)

**Platform:** A scalable server that provides interfaces for building projects
(workflows), deploying them, triggering the code with webhooks or schedulers,
executing the code as durable workflows, and managing these workflows.

**API:** AutoKitteh is an API-first platform. All services are available via
gPRC / HTTP.

**Built-in integrations:** Slack, GitHub, Twilio, ChatGPT, Gemini, Gmail,

> Calendar, HTTP, gRPC and many more. It's easy to add new integrations.

Reviewer 2: `Calendar` -> `Google Calendar`.
Also add cron, maybe not here?

Author: Calendar - fixed. Cron - see the platform paragraph below the diagram, it mentions triggering with schedulers as well as webhooks.

**Supported programming languages:** Python, Starlark (a dialect of Python),

> and TypeScript (coming soon).

Reviewer 2: IMO we should use `JavaScript` and not `TypeScript` since the term is bigger. 
@RonenMars What do you think?

Reviewer 3: Hey, I agree.
Regarding the terms I think that Javascript is bigger since it contains both JS and TS.

Author: I thought TS is a more popular choice than "regular" JS nowadays, but I'm certainly not the expert. Done.
